⭕️ What is the difference between Named Export, Default export and * as export?
✅ 
Named Exports:
// module.js
export const variable1 = 'Value 1';
export const variable2 = 'Value 2';
import { variable1, variable2 } from './module';

Default Export:
const defaultExport = 'This is the default export';
export default defaultExport;
import myDefaultExport from './module';

* as Export (Wildcard or Namespace Import):
export const variable1 = 'Value 1';
export const variable2 = 'Value 2';
import * as myModule from './module';

⭕️ What is the importance of config.js file?
✅ A config.js file, or a configuration file in general, is important in software development for several reasons:

Centralized Configuration:
A config.js file allows you to centralize configuration settings for your application in
one place. This makes it easier to manage and update configuration options without
scattering them throughout your codebase. 

Environment-specific Configurations:
Different environments (e.g., development, testing, production) may require different 
configurations, such as API endpoints, database connections, or debug settings. A config.js
file allows you to define environment-specific configurations and switch between them 
easily.

Security and Sensitive Information:
Configuration files provide a secure way to store sensitive information, such as API keys,
database credentials, or other secrets. By keeping this information in a separate 
configuration file, you can easily exclude it from version control systems and protect 
sensitive data.

⭕️ What are React Hooks?
✅ Certainly! React Hooks are functions that enable functional components to manage state, side effects, and
other React features that were previously exclusive to class components. They were introduced in React 
version 16.8 as a way to allow functional components to have more advanced capabilities without the need 
for classes.

⭕️ Why do we need a useState Hook?
✅The useState Hook in React is essential for functional components to manage and update their state.